12.0 split beesdoo product product main supplier (#411)
beescoop/Obeesdoo: product_main_supplier/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> - Add a main supplier
> - Allow searching a product given the product reference of the main
>   supplier (also known as the `product_code` of the `product.supplierinfo`
>   object).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds a main supplier field on product template
- Allows searching a product given the product reference of the main
  supplier (also known as the `product_code` of the `product.supplierinfo`
  object).
```
